Hoff 737: session timeout continue form (#464)
UKHomeOfficeForms/hof: components/session-timeout-warning/Readme.md

# Session Timeout Warning Behaviour

> ## What this does
> Makes the content related to the session timeout warning behaviour customisable. This includes the content in the session timeout warning dialog and on the exit page after the user clicks to exit the form from the session timeout warning dialog.
> 
> The component should be set in the project's hof.settings.json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What is it?
This feature allows you to customize the content related to the session timeout warning, including the messages displayed in the session timeout warning dialog and on the exit page after a user exits the form due to a session timeout.

## Enabling customisation

To enable and customize the session timeout behavior, you need to set the component in your project's `hof.settings.json` file:
```
```

Author: I have updated this with your content suggestions (can now be found in main readme)

Reviewer: nice work

> ## What this does
> Makes the content related to the session timeout warning behaviour customisable. This includes the content in the session timeout warning dialog and on the exit page after the user clicks to exit the form from the session timeout warning dialog.
> 
> The component should be set in the project's hof.settings.json
> ```
>  "behaviours": [
>     "hof/components/session-timeout-warning"
>   ]
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What is it?
This feature allows you to customize the content related to the session timeout warning, including the messages displayed in the session timeout warning dialog and on the exit page after a user exits the form due to a session timeout.

## Enabling customisation

To enable and customize the session timeout behavior, you need to set the component in your project's hof.settings.json file:

```
 "behaviours": [
    "hof/components/session-timeout-warning"
  ]
```
```

> By default,the default content from the hof framework. If you require customised content at a project level, the following variables must be set to true in hof.settings.json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the framework uses the standard content provided by HOF. If you wish to override this with custom content at the project level, you must set the following variables to `true` in `hof.settings.json`:
```

Author: I have updated this with your content suggestions (can now be found in main readme)

Author: I have updated this with your content suggestions (can now be found in main readme)

Reviewer: nice one

```
 behaviours: [
    require('../').components.sessionTimeoutWarning
  ],
  sessionTimeoutWarningContent: true,
  exitFormContent: true
```

> You can then set the content in the project's pages.json

Author: I have updated this with your content suggestions (can now be found in main readme)

```
"exit": {
  "message": "We have cleared your information to keep it secure. Your information has not been saved."
},
"session-timeout-warning": {
   "dialog-title": "Your application will close soon",
   "dialog-text": "If that happens, your progress will not be saved.",
   "timeout-continue-button": "Stay on this page",
   "dialog-exit-link": "Exit this form"
}
```

> To customise the exit page's header and title, you can create an exit.json file and set the content:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Editing content on the Exit Page Header and Title

To edit the exit page's header and title, create an `exit.json` file in your project and set the desired content:
```

Author: I have updated this with your content suggestions (can now be found in main readme)

```
{
  "header": "You have left this form",
  "title": "You have left this form"
}

> ```

Reviewer: how does a user find this page? Is this page linked from the main ReadMe page?

Author: I have moved this to the main ReadMe to make it easier to find
